README.md, before:

# Scoop-Confetti

Bucket of Confetti 🎊 for [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/) command-line installer for Windows.

## Installation

```powershell
scoop bucket add confetti https://github.com/starise/Scoop-Confetti
```

## Apps

<!-- <apps> -->
<!-- The following table was inserted by makeindex.py -->
<!-- Your edits will be lost the next time makeindex.py is run -->
|Name|Description|License|
|----|-----------|-------|
|[4k-stogram](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-stogram)|Download Instagram photos, accounts, hashtags and locations.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[4k-videodownloader](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-videodownloader)|Download videos, playlists, channels and subtitles from YouTube, Facebook, Vimeo and other video sites in high quality.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[4k-videotomp3](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-videotomp3)|Convert any video to MP3, M4A, OGG, fully free, safely and easily.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[4k-youtubetomp3](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-youtubetomp3)|Download audio in MP3, M4A, OGG from YouTube, Soundcloud, Vimeo, Instagram, Facebook, Dailymotion, Twitch and more.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[aegisub](https://github.com/Aegisub/Aegisub)|Aegisub is a free, cross-platform open source tool for creating and modifying subtitles.|[BSD-3-Clause](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause.html")|
|[aquasnap](https://www.nurgo-software.com/products/aquasnap)|Enhances the way you can arrange windows on your Desktop.|[Freeware](https://www.nurgo-software.com/company/eula/80-aquasnap "https://www.nurgo-software.com/company/eula/80-aquasnap")|
|[argyll](http://argyllcms.com)|ICC compatible color management system. Accurate ICC profile creation for scanners, cameras and film recorders. Calibration and profiling of displays and RGB & CMYK printers.|[AGPL-3.0-or-later](https://spdx.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0-or-later.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0-or-later.html")|
|[audiotester](http://www.vuplayer.com/other.php)|A tool to test for errors in MP3, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC & WavPack files.|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[batchencoder](https://github.com/wieslawsoltes/BatchEncoder)|Audio files conversion software.|[MIT](https://wieslawsoltes.github.io/BatchEncoder/LICENSE.TXT "https://wieslawsoltes.github.io/BatchEncoder/LICENSE.TXT")|
|[caesium](https://saerasoft.com/caesium)|Image compression software. Compress your pictures up to 90% without visible quality loss|[GPL-3.0-only](https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-only.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-only.html")|
|[cbxconverter](https://tomeko.net/software/CbxConverter)|Helper utility for cbz/cbr files (comic books mostly) content scaling and converting to WebP format|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|
|[clipgrab](https://clipgrab.org/)|Free downloader and converter for YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook and many other video sites.|[GPL-3.0](https://clipgrab.org/COPYING "https://clipgrab.org/COPYING")|
|[colors](http://www.den4b.com/)|Color picker that helps you easily select a desired color using various pallets|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[epub-metadata-editor](https://github.com/benchen71/epub-metadata-editor)|Edit the metadata of EPUB files|[GPL-3.0-or-later](https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-or-later.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-or-later.html")|
|[firefox-beta-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/beta/)|Firefox Beta: open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[firefox-developer-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/developer/)|Firefox Developer Edition: open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[firefox-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/)|Mozilla Firefox: open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[firefox-portable-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/)|Mozilla Firefox (Portable): open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[flawless-widescreen](https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org)|Fixes and patches to get games functioning correctly in UltraWide/Surround/Eyefinity gaming resolutions.|[Freeware](https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org/fws/core/licences/Summary.txt "https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org/fws/core/licences/Summary.txt")|
|[hasher](http://www.den4b.com/)|Hashing utility for verifying integrity of files. Supported algorithms: CRC32, MD2, MD4, MD5, SHA1, SHA256, SHA512, RipeMD128, RipeMD160, ED2K|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[latencymon](https://www.resplendence.com/latencymon)|Real-time audio suitability checker.|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|
|[monitor-switcher](https://sourceforge.net/projects/monitorswitcher/)|Save monitor configurations and switch between them using hotkeys or clicking the icon on taskbar|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[obsidian](https://obsidian.md)|Powerful knowledge base that works on top of a local folder of plain text Markdown files.|[Proprietary](https://obsidian.md/eula "https://obsidian.md/eula")|
|[randpass](http://www.den4b.com/)|Random password generator. Supports command line execution|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[renamer](http://www.den4b.com/)|Powerful and flexible renaming tool that allows to combine multiple renaming actions as a rule set. Also supports regex and meta tags|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[resizer](http://www.den4b.com/)|Batch image resizer. Supported formats: BMP, GIF, PNG, JPEG, TIFF.|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[sacd-extract](https://github.com/sacd-ripper/sacd-ripper)|SACD ripping software|[GPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-2.0.html")|
|[sacd-extract-gui](https://sourceforge.net/projects/sacd-extract-gui)|Simple GUI for sacd_extract tool of sacd-ripper package|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[sam](https://github.com/gibbed/SteamAchievementManager)|A manager for game achievements in Steam|[Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html")|
|[shutter](http://www.den4b.com/)|Scheduling utility that supports many different Events and Actions.|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[sizer](http://www.brianapps.net/sizer4/)|Accurately resize and reposition windows|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|
|[srt-to-vtt](https://github.com/nwoltman/srt-to-vtt-cl)|Converts subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[virtual-desktop-enhancer](https://github.com/starise/win-10-virtual-desktop-enhancer/releases)|AutoHotkey script that enhances Windows 10 multiple desktops with additional hotkeys and multiple wallpapers|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[vscode-it](https://code.visualstudio.com/)|Lightweight but powerful source code editor. Italian Language Pack included.|[Freeware](https://code.visualstudio.com/License/ "https://code.visualstudio.com/License/")|
|[vscode-portable-it](https://code.visualstudio.com/)|Lightweight but powerful source code editor (Portable Edition). Italian Language Pack included.|[Freeware](https://code.visualstudio.com/License/ "https://code.visualstudio.com/License/")|
|[vscodium-it](https://github.com/VSCodium/vscodium)|Binary releases of VS Code without MS branding/telemetry/licensing. Italian Language Pack included.|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[vscodium-portable-it](https://github.com/VSCodium/vscodium)|Binary releases of VS Code without MS branding/telemetry/licensing (Portable Edition). Italian Language Pack included.|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[wilma](http://www.stefandidak.com/windows-layout-manager/)|Window Layout Manager, or WiLMA for short.|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|

Commit message:

Add Link Shell Extension package

README.md, after:

# Scoop-Confetti

Bucket of Confetti 🎊 for [Scoop](https://scoop.sh/) command-line installer for Windows.

## Installation

```powershell
scoop bucket add confetti https://github.com/starise/Scoop-Confetti
```

## Apps

<!-- <apps> -->
<!-- The following table was inserted by makeindex.py -->
<!-- Your edits will be lost the next time makeindex.py is run -->
|Name|Description|License|
|----|-----------|-------|
|[4k-stogram](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-stogram)|Download Instagram photos, accounts, hashtags and locations.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[4k-videodownloader](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-videodownloader)|Download videos, playlists, channels and subtitles from YouTube, Facebook, Vimeo and other video sites in high quality.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[4k-videotomp3](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-videotomp3)|Convert any video to MP3, M4A, OGG, fully free, safely and easily.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[4k-youtubetomp3](https://www.4kdownload.com/products/product-youtubetomp3)|Download audio in MP3, M4A, OGG from YouTube, Soundcloud, Vimeo, Instagram, Facebook, Dailymotion, Twitch and more.|[Freeware](https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware "https://www.4kdownload.com/it/agreement/freeware")|
|[aegisub](https://github.com/Aegisub/Aegisub)|Aegisub is a free, cross-platform open source tool for creating and modifying subtitles.|[BSD-3-Clause](https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/BSD-3-Clause.html")|
|[aquasnap](https://www.nurgo-software.com/products/aquasnap)|Enhances the way you can arrange windows on your Desktop.|[Freeware](https://www.nurgo-software.com/company/eula/80-aquasnap "https://www.nurgo-software.com/company/eula/80-aquasnap")|
|[argyll](http://argyllcms.com)|ICC compatible color management system. Accurate ICC profile creation for scanners, cameras and film recorders. Calibration and profiling of displays and RGB & CMYK printers.|[AGPL-3.0-or-later](https://spdx.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0-or-later.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/AGPL-3.0-or-later.html")|
|[audiotester](http://www.vuplayer.com/other.php)|A tool to test for errors in MP3, Ogg Vorbis, FLAC & WavPack files.|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[batchencoder](https://github.com/wieslawsoltes/BatchEncoder)|Audio files conversion software.|[MIT](https://wieslawsoltes.github.io/BatchEncoder/LICENSE.TXT "https://wieslawsoltes.github.io/BatchEncoder/LICENSE.TXT")|
|[caesium](https://saerasoft.com/caesium)|Image compression software. Compress your pictures up to 90% without visible quality loss|[GPL-3.0-only](https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-only.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-only.html")|
|[cbxconverter](https://tomeko.net/software/CbxConverter)|Helper utility for cbz/cbr files (comic books mostly) content scaling and converting to WebP format|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|
|[clipgrab](https://clipgrab.org/)|Free downloader and converter for YouTube, Vimeo, Facebook and many other video sites.|[GPL-3.0](https://clipgrab.org/COPYING "https://clipgrab.org/COPYING")|
|[colors](http://www.den4b.com/)|Color picker that helps you easily select a desired color using various pallets|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[epub-metadata-editor](https://github.com/benchen71/epub-metadata-editor)|Edit the metadata of EPUB files|[GPL-3.0-or-later](https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-or-later.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-3.0-or-later.html")|
|[firefox-beta-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/beta/)|Firefox Beta: open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[firefox-developer-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/developer/)|Firefox Developer Edition: open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[firefox-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/)|Mozilla Firefox: open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[firefox-portable-it](https://www.mozilla.org/it/firefox/)|Mozilla Firefox (Portable): open source web browser. Custom policies.json file. Italian Language Pack.|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[flawless-widescreen](https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org)|Fixes and patches to get games functioning correctly in UltraWide/Surround/Eyefinity gaming resolutions.|[Freeware](https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org/fws/core/licences/Summary.txt "https://www.flawlesswidescreen.org/fws/core/licences/Summary.txt")|
|[hasher](http://www.den4b.com/)|Hashing utility for verifying integrity of files. Supported algorithms: CRC32, MD2, MD4, MD5, SHA1, SHA256, SHA512, RipeMD128, RipeMD160, ED2K|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[latencymon](https://www.resplendence.com/latencymon)|Real-time audio suitability checker.|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|
|[link-shell-extension](http://schinagl.priv.at/nt/hardlinkshellext/linkshellextension.html)|Provides for the creation of Hardlinks, Junctions, Volume Mountpoints and Symbolic Links.|[Freeware](http://schinagl.priv.at/nt/hardlinkshellext/license.txt "http://schinagl.priv.at/nt/hardlinkshellext/license.txt")|
|[monitor-switcher](https://sourceforge.net/projects/monitorswitcher/)|Save monitor configurations and switch between them using hotkeys or clicking the icon on taskbar|[MPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MPL-2.0.html")|
|[obsidian](https://obsidian.md)|Powerful knowledge base that works on top of a local folder of plain text Markdown files.|[Proprietary](https://obsidian.md/eula "https://obsidian.md/eula")|
|[randpass](http://www.den4b.com/)|Random password generator. Supports command line execution|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[renamer](http://www.den4b.com/)|Powerful and flexible renaming tool that allows to combine multiple renaming actions as a rule set. Also supports regex and meta tags|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[resizer](http://www.den4b.com/)|Batch image resizer. Supported formats: BMP, GIF, PNG, JPEG, TIFF.|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[sacd-extract](https://github.com/sacd-ripper/sacd-ripper)|SACD ripping software|[GPL-2.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-2.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/GPL-2.0.html")|
|[sacd-extract-gui](https://sourceforge.net/projects/sacd-extract-gui)|Simple GUI for sacd_extract tool of sacd-ripper package|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[sam](https://github.com/gibbed/SteamAchievementManager)|A manager for game achievements in Steam|[Zlib](https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/Zlib.html")|
|[shutter](http://www.den4b.com/)|Scheduling utility that supports many different Events and Actions.|[CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0](https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/CC-BY-NC-ND-3.0.html")|
|[sizer](http://www.brianapps.net/sizer4/)|Accurately resize and reposition windows|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|
|[srt-to-vtt](https://github.com/nwoltman/srt-to-vtt-cl)|Converts subtitle files from SubRib (.srt) format to WebVTT (.vtt) format|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[virtual-desktop-enhancer](https://github.com/starise/win-10-virtual-desktop-enhancer/releases)|AutoHotkey script that enhances Windows 10 multiple desktops with additional hotkeys and multiple wallpapers|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[vscode-it](https://code.visualstudio.com/)|Lightweight but powerful source code editor. Italian Language Pack included.|[Freeware](https://code.visualstudio.com/License/ "https://code.visualstudio.com/License/")|
|[vscode-portable-it](https://code.visualstudio.com/)|Lightweight but powerful source code editor (Portable Edition). Italian Language Pack included.|[Freeware](https://code.visualstudio.com/License/ "https://code.visualstudio.com/License/")|
|[vscodium-it](https://github.com/VSCodium/vscodium)|Binary releases of VS Code without MS branding/telemetry/licensing. Italian Language Pack included.|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[vscodium-portable-it](https://github.com/VSCodium/vscodium)|Binary releases of VS Code without MS branding/telemetry/licensing (Portable Edition). Italian Language Pack included.|[MIT](https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html "https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html")|
|[wilma](http://www.stefandidak.com/windows-layout-manager/)|Window Layout Manager, or WiLMA for short.|[Freeware](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware "https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Freeware")|
